We can use bread first
traversal to print the tree level by level
So which data structure is breadth first traversal
It is Queue
write so using queue at a structure we can print
the tree level by level traversal
Take a queue and insert the first node that is
the root note into it
After that while the queue is not empty we need
to do some steps first. Get and back up the
front node from the queue and print its data then
pop it from the queue.
We can get the first node using Queue.front
function and remove the element from the queue using
queue.pop function and then push the current node left
and right child into the queue.
If they are not equal do not
If we do this process until the queue is not
empty, we will get the level order traversal alot of
the tree so let's see how it works now 10
is present in the queue. So print it and pop
it from the queue and then push the left and
right child of the node
So left child 20 will be pushed into the queue
and then right child 30 will also be pushed into
the queue now again check
If Queue is not empty it is not empty
So we need to repeat the same process that is
Bring the front element so 20 will be printed and
then pop it from the queue and now push 20's
left child and right child. So 40 and 50 will
be pushed into the queue again
queue is not empty. So print the front element 30 and
pop it from the queue and now push 30's left
child and right child since 30 and leave node
It's left and right child is so we can't push
it into the queue. So we can skip it now
again
queue is not empty so print
the front element 40 and pop it from the queue
node 40 also doesn't have the left 10 right child
so we can skip the push operation now
Again queue is not empty. So print the front element 50 and
pop it from the queue.
Node 50 is also a leaf node so push operation will
be sceptre
Now if we check the queue 80 70
So we can stop the process and see we got the level
order traversing of the tree.
That is 10 20 30 40 50
So using this logic, you can solve the problem
You can use the c++ queue library to
solve this problem